hi and welcome to Mission Meadows
headquarters my name is Rachel and I am
a club loose grass root drifter as many
of you know it's not easy to build a car
well it's for the track Street Show or
you're just looking to improve the
performance of your daily driver there
are a lot of financial hurdles to
overcome which nobody likes but you're
in luck Mishimoto is looking for drivers
like you to join team Ishii once you're
part of the team you'll enjoy perks like
exclusive product discount free swag
special sales your vehicle will be
featured on mission Moto's website and
much more so today I'm gonna walk you
through the application process to show
you how to get sponsored by Mishimoto
first visit the Mishimoto website at WWE
moto calm
locate the get sponsored button on the
navigation belt and click it now simply
type in the requested information in
each field be sure to add your social
media outlets so we can better promote
your build after you've entered your
make model and year if any of the next
three fields do not apply to you please
write in n/a or not applicable now
upload photos be sure to add awesome
photos of your vehicle we would love to
see your build but make sure your file
size does not exceed one megabyte
finally the most important part what
you're looking for parts make sure to
use exact model numbers they can be
found on the product pages as shown here
don't forget to click Submit and you're
all finished you'll receive an email
confirmation stating that your
application came through successfully
and your first response within the first
7 to 10 business days if you don't
receive that email confirmation please
give us a call at one eight seventy
seven go Mishi
and ask to speak to our sponsorship team
remember we're looking for builds like
yours to add to our team so to make it
even easier you can click this link
right here to take you right to the
sponsorship application and always don't
forget to click subscribe and like us on
Facebook
you